DOCSP-38132 Compass Generative AI Generally Available Updates (#620)
mongodb/docs-compass: source/query-with-natural-language/enable-natural-language-querying.txt

           - In the top menu bar, click :guilabel:`MongoDB Compass`.
           - ``⌘`` + ``,``

>    .. step:: Enable the AI Features Setting and Login to Atlas

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   .. step:: Enable AI Features and Log In to Atlas
```

>       You only need to enabled AI features if it is your first time 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
      You only need to enable AI features if it is your first time 
```

      using natural language querying.

      a. Select :guilabel:`Artificial Intelligence`.
      #. Click the :guilabel:`Enable AI Features` check box.
      #. Click :guilabel:`Log in with Atlas`.

         A web browser displays the
         `Atlas login page <https://account.mongodb.com/account/login>`_.

      #. Complete the login procedure.

>          Once completed a 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
         After you log in successfully, a 
```

>          :guilabel:`You can create queries and aggregations with 

Reviewer: [question] Do we need to repeat the message text?

```suggestion
         confirmation 
```

Author: It makes more sense IMO to list the message verbatium to confirm the setting is enabled.

>          generative AI.`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
         
```

         message displays. 
      #. Click :guilabel:`Save`.
      

>    .. step:: (Optional) Read MongoDB GenAI FAQs

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   .. step:: (Optional) Read MongoDB's GenAI FAQs
```

>       For more information regarding generative AI usage with MongoDB

Reviewer: ```suggestion
      For more information about generative AI usage with MongoDB
```

           - In the top menu bar, click :guilabel:`MongoDB Compass`.
           - ``⌘`` + ``,``

   .. step:: Enable the AI Features Setting

      You only need to enabled AI features if it is your first time 
      using natural language querying.

      a. Select :guilabel:`Artificial Intelligence`.
      #. Click the :guilabel:`Enable AI Features` check box.

>       #. Click :guilabel:`Save`.

Reviewer 2: The behavior was changed recently (try Compass 1.42.6-beta.2), so the Atlas login card appears immediately after clicking on the "Enable AI Features" checkbox. But we would like to point out that users should save settings before or after logging in to apply changes and enable GenAI. This limitation exists until we implement autosving settings (see [COMPASS-7866](https://jira.mongodb.org/browse/COMPASS-7866)).

Author: Ok I understand the change and tested with 1.42.6-beta2, I have simplified the procedure to reflect the updated settings functionality @alenakhineika

Reviewer 2: I think you miss now the `#. Click :guilabel:`Save`.` AFTER logging in with Atlas. A user still needs save settings, otherwise, they will be logged in with Atlas, but when they go to the query or aggregation page, they won't see the GenAI features.

Author: Updated and I noticed the message changed slightly to `You can create queries and aggregations with generative AI.` so I added that here as well.

         Once completed a :guilabel:`Logged in with Atlas account`
         message displays. 

>    .. step:: Read and Accept the Data Processing Agreement

Author: **For Tech Review**

Its been awhile since I enabled this setting / been prompted for the agreement, is this still true?

Reviewer 2: We have replaced the consent modal with the disclaimer on the settings page. When a user clicks the "Enable AI Features" checkbox they agree with our terms to use GenAI.

Additionally, there is a link to the FAQ on the Atlas login card.

<img width="939" alt="Screenshot 2024-04-24 at 17 43 46" src="https://github.com/mongodb/docs-compass/assets/16307679/6f4f45f3-7594-4b46-a816-07aedb3a29fd">
